Convert command handling to cobra (#243)
lawrencegripper/azbrowse: docs/command-line.md

Running `az account list --query "[].{name:name, tenantId:tenantId}" -o table` will give you a list of subscriptions and their associated tenant. Then you can pass the tenant to azbrowse, e.g. `azbrowse --tenant-id 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000`

> Alternatively you can use the `--tenant-id-from-sub` argument to identify the tenant via a subscription that is linked to it. This can be easier as subscription names tend to be more memorable than tenant GUIDs! For example if subscription `mysub` is linked to the tenant you want to load then you can run `azbrowse --tenant-id-from-sub mysub`.

Reviewer: nit: Sorry due to the change I suggested this line needs a tweak like:

```suggestion
Alternatively you can use the `--subscription` argument to launch straight into a Subscription no matter which tentant it it under. With command completion enabled `source <(azbrowse completion bash)` you can use tap to complete partial subscription names. 
```
